README.md, before:

# music
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/piston-music.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/piston-music)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/piston-music.svg)](https://github.com/PistonDevelopers/music/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT)


A high level library for playing music

## Requirements

`music` currently depends on two external non-Rust libraries, [SDL2](https://www.libsdl.org/) and
[SDL2_mixer](https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_mixer/).

- To install SDL2, follow the instructions on the 
[`rust-sdl2`](https://github.com/AngryLawyer/rust-sdl2#requirements) library README.

- To install SDL2_mixer, follow the instructions on the
[`rust-sdl2-mixer`](https://github.com/andelf/rust-sdl2_mixer#requirements) library README.

## License

Licensed under either of
 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

State dependency on stable Rust.

README.md, after:

# music
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/piston-music.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/piston-music)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/piston-music.svg)](https://github.com/PistonDevelopers/music/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT)


A high level library for playing music

## Requirements

### Rust

`music` targets the latest stable release of Rust.

### External Dependencies

`music` currently depends on two external non-Rust libraries, [SDL2](https://www.libsdl.org/) and
[SDL2_mixer](https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_mixer/).

- To install SDL2, follow the instructions on the 
[`rust-sdl2`](https://github.com/AngryLawyer/rust-sdl2#requirements) library README.

- To install SDL2_mixer, follow the instructions on the
[`rust-sdl2-mixer`](https://github.com/andelf/rust-sdl2_mixer#requirements) library README.

## License

Licensed under either of
 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.
